ZSH Powerline Prompt
==

This is a rather heavyweight zsh prompt, based on the powerline font from the
popular eponymous vim plugin.

To use it properly, you will obviously need to have a powerline patched font.
For details, see here: https://github.com/Lokaltog/vim-powerline

This prompt uses promptsubst. It does not use a right-side prompt, although
RPROMPT will be cleared on load time to ensure compatibility.

Installation
--

This prompt uses ZSH's own prompt support functions. To install it, simply copy
prompt\_powerline\_setup into some directory in your $fpath, or add the
repository to the $fpath array. After that, initialize and set your prompt
as usual.

    fpath+=( /path/to/zsh-prompt-powerline )
    autoload promptinit ; promptinit
    prompt powerline

Unfortunately, there is no way to know at load time if the font used to display
the prompt will be a powerline patched font (or if there is, I would like to
hear about it), so compatibility is a matter of heuristics. Personally, I
simply check if TERM is rxvt-unicode-256 colors in my zshrc and fall back to
another, simpler prompt if it isn't.

Parameters and Options
--

This prompt is configured using zstyles.

    zstyle ':prompt:powerline:ps1' hide-user

If this style is true, the user will not be displayed. This is
useful to hide uninteresting usernames like a default one.

    zstyle ':prompt:powerline:ps1' host-color

This sets an explicit color to use for the hostname. If this is not set,
a color will be generated from the hostname.

    zstyle ':vcs_info:*:powerline:*' check-for-changes

This is a regular vcs\_info style, I mention it here because it is relevant. If
this style is true, the dirty working tree and staged changes indicators will
be shown inside repositories. This can be slow on big repositories, decide for
yourself if you find it worthwhile.


